Starting today,
you will play like winners,
act like winners, and most importantly,
you will be winners.
If you listen and learn, you will win
basketball games and gentlemen winning.
And here is the key to winning out there.
This contract states that you will
maintain a two point three
grade point average.
You will attend to all your classes
and you will sit in the front
row of those classes.
You know this country as negative.
Excuse me.
Did you say something the Warren was
wondering, are you some country tooch?
Go with your tie on and all that.
Right.
The switch on say.
And what is your name, sir?
I'm Timo Cruz, sir.
Well, Mr.
Cruz and Mr.
Wurm,
what you should both know is we
treat ourselves with respect.
We don't use the word nigger.
I use some preacher man some shit
because God ain't gonna do you
no good in this neighborhood.
I live in this neighborhood.
Sir, sir, can you believe
this uppity negro, sir.
OK, Mr.
Cruz.
Leave the gym right now for what
I'll ask you one last time to leave
the gym before I help you
leave. Before you what?
Do even know who I am from what I can see,
very confused and scared young man,
skater who scared you,
I'm supposed to be scared.
You the guys get a nobody.
I would lay your ass out.
I don't think so.
By.
Good
for you all.
Teachers aren't supposed
to touch students.
I'm not a teacher.
I'm the new basketball coach.
Say no.